A far-flung star, that Funny story
(It’s electric)
That Landing so turbulent
Meeting you as the stars would have it
First star was too cold
So went galaxy-hopping
Into this uninvited crash-landing
A stranger to me, you are
Should I ignore you?
I can't get you off my mind
So just to pass time
Should I troll you?
Hey, what did you do to my mind?
I wanna know you
Maybe all night I could throw questions
(When the stars align)
You said if the sky's clear tonight
Tomorrow you'll be taking off, but
I got a plan, just you and I
How about you stay a little longer?
My star tells me she's a bit lonely
Sing this hidden song to you, if you let me
Love is Cosmic
I’m riding on your rhythm
Through the solar system
Come with me
You and I, crossing the night
Cosmic love
Riding your rhythm
Through the solar system
Wanna know you more
Cosmic love
Never had this feeling before
Thought about it hard, but, still remains a question mark
Even this strange ruckus
Even to you I'm a stranger
You'd stare like you're seeing an alien
You know that could be hurtful
On my star, time flows slowly
You don't have to rush
(When the stars align)
Perhaps we're travelers searching
For orphaned dreams
Shooting stars lost and wandering
How about you stay a little longer?
My star tells me she's a bit lonely
Sing this hidden song to you, if you let me
Love is Cosmic
I’m riding on your rhythm
Through the solar system
Come with me
You and I, crossing the night
Cosmic love
A striding step towards me
Stretch out your star-tanned hand
"Come with me," you say
"Discover things no human eyes have seen," you say
I just can’t say goodnight
I can never say goodnight
‘Cause your love is Cosmic
I’m riding on your rhythm
Through the solar system
Come with me
You and I, crossing the night
Cosmic love
Leaving tonight
Find the stars hidden from sight
Let us name them alright
Cosmic love
Riding your rhythm (Ride this night)
Through the solar system
Wanna know you more
Cosmic love oh yeah